# Derick the Zebra
He is single and loves to fight chimps.
Derick's best friend is Babu, the Baboon. They grew up together in Lower Zambezi.
Babu and Derick have been best friends since they were two years old. Derick has always been the naughty one and always getting both of them in trouble. He however, is a very realiable friend and a good listener. Growing up was always fun for both friends.
Babu's parents and his two older sisters Babette and Buffy moved to Lower Zambezi shortly before Babu's birth. They used to stay at the Lake Kariba, but eventually decided to move further up the river as they heard that fruits would taste much sweeter over there. Babu does not particularly like fruits. He prefers crops and roots. In contrast to Derick, he is more cautious and timid. He often wonders how Derick always manages to get them into trouble.
Babu met Derick in the Lower Zambezi. Babu remembers the day like it was yesterday, it was a bright sunny day two days before Christmas of that year. His entire family was preoccupied with looking for Christmas presents to surprise him with, which was quite understandable as this was the first Christmas Babu was aware of. Babu was determined to also find something special to surprise his family with, especially for his two sister's whom he adored. As he wandered around looking for something, he heard the sound of someone singing "I am a little zebra white and black with a bushy mane running down my back. I like to gallop, run and play out on the Lower Zambezi Plains". Babu could not help but laugh hysterically at the sight of a zebra dancing and singing, it was especially funny because the zebra had a terrible singing voice. 
Derick did not take lightly, that Babu was laughing at his little performance. He seemed offended and hurt that the song that his performance was hilarious to the Baboon. Babu decided to try and comfort Derick after seeing that he looked offended, however it did not take long for the two to become friends after that incident. Derick even offered Babu to meet his family.
